Look, Mom!
I drew our family
in school today!
Oh, wow!
I didn’t have time
to finish Caleb’s face.
Carrie drew two mommies.
She told me
they’re married to each other.
My teacher says
that all that matters
is that people love each other
and that they’re happy.
Hmm.
Well, people have their own ideas
about what is right and wrong,
but what matters
is how Jehovah feels.
He wants us to be happy,
and he knows how we can be happiest!
That’s why he invented marriage
the way he did.
You mean one man
and one woman?
Exactly!
Look at Genesis 1:27.
Jehovah created Adam and Eve,
male and female.
Then in Genesis 2:24 he said
that “a man
will . . . stick to his wife.”
Later, Jesus said the same thing!
Jehovah’s standards
haven’t changed.
It’s kind of like
going on an airplane.
What would happen
if someone wanted to bring
something on the plane
that wasn’t allowed?
They couldn’t go on their trip!
Right!
It’s the same with Jehovah.
He wants us to be his friend
and live in Paradise forever!
But we have to follow
his standards to get there.
At Matthew 7:13, 14 it talks
about the road leading to Paradise.
To get there, Jehovah says
we have to leave some things behind.
That means anything
Jehovah doesn’t approve of.
But I want everyone
to get to Paradise!
So does Jehovah!
And you know what?
People can change!
That’s why
we share his message.
So, what can you say
to Carrie?
Well, I can tell her
about the Paradise.
I can tell her about the animals
and the resurrection!
That’s awesome!
Let’s practice.